      > Noodles
Start by heating sesame oil in a wok, and then gently add chopped garlic, add spring onions, celery, capsicum, carrot, cabbage, baby corn if you like and stir fry it well.
Later, add an egg in the same wok, let it scramble and then add soya sauce, add the chicken, other sauces and boiled noodles. Give it a nice toss.
Lastly, garnish Chicken Hakka Noodles with some chopped spring onion greens and piping hot & sizzling Noodles are all set to be relished!
        Olive Oil - 1 tbsp
        red chili - 1 finely sliced
        Thai red curry paste - 2 ½ tbsp
        chopped garlic -3
         spring onions -1
         celery, capsicum -2
         carrot - 4
         cabbage - 1 cup
         baby corn - 2 bowls
        coconut milk - 400ml can
         sauce - 2 tsp
        rice noodles - 100g
        lime - 2 juice of 1, the other halved
        king chicken - 150g
        coriander - ½ small pack

      > Pizza
 In large bowl, dissolve yeast and sugar in water; let stand for 5 minutes.
  Add oil and salt. Stir in flour, 1 cup at a time, until a soft dough forms.
Turn onto floured surface; knead until smooth and elastic, 2-3 minutes. 
Place in a greased bowl, turning once to grease the top. Cover and let rise in a warm place until doubled, about 45 minutes. 
Meanwhile, cook beef and onion over medium heat until no longer pink; drain.
Punch down dough; divide in half. Press each into a greased 12-in. pizza pan.
 Combine the tomato sauce, oregano and basil; spread over each crust. Top with beef mixture, green pepper and cheese.
Bake at 400° for 25-30 minutes or until crust is lightly browned.     
        1 package (1/4 ounce) active dry yeast
         sugar-1teaspoon sugar
         warm water (110° to 115°) -1/4 cups
        cup canola oil -1/4 
       teaspoon salt-1
        all-purpose flour -3 to 4 cups
       pound ground beef-1/2
      onion - 1 small chopped
      tomato sauce -1 can (15 ounces
      dried oregano -3 teaspoons
      dried basil -1 teaspoon 
      green pepper, diced -1 medium
      shredded part-skim mozzarella cheese-2 cups
          
 


    > Chicken Biryani
  Grind the cashew, poppy seeds and cumin seeds into a smooth paste, using as little water as possible.
  Set aside. Deep fry the sliced onions when it is hot.
Don’t overcrowd the oil. When the onions turn light brown, remove from oil and drain on paper towel.
 The fried onion will crisp up as it drains. 
Also fry the cashewnuts till golden brown. Set aside.
 Wash the rice and soak in water for twenty minutes. 
Meanwhile, take a big wide pan, add oil in medium heat, add the sliced onions, add the blended paste, to it add the green chillies, ginger garlic paste and garlic and fry for a minute. Then add the tomatoes and sauté them well till they are cooked and not mushy.
 Then to it add the red chilli powder, biryani powder, mint, coriander leaves and sauté them well. Add the yogurt and mix well.
I always move the skillet away from the heat when adding yogurt which prevents it from curdling.
 Now after returning the skillet back to the stove, add the washed Chicken and salt and ½ cup water and mix well.
Cook for 1 hour and cook it covered in medium low heat or put it in a pressure cooker for 6 whistles.
If the water is not drained totally, heat it by keeping it open. Take another big pan, add thrice the cup of rice you use, and boil it. When it is boiling high, add the rice, salt and jeera and mix well. After 7 minutes exact or when the rice is 80% done. 
 Switch off and drain the rice. Now, the layering starts. To the Chicken, pat and level it.
  Add the drained hot rice on the top of it. Garnish with fried onions, ghee, mint, coriander leaves and saffron dissolved in milk. Cover the dish and bake in a 350f oven for 15 minutes or till the cooked but not mushy. 
 Or cook in the stove medium heat for 12 minutes and lowest heat for 5 minutes. And switch off.
 Mix and serve hot! Notes 1. If you are cooking in oven, do make sure to cook in a big oven safe pan and cover it tight and then keep in oven for the final step.
 2. You can skip biryani masala if you don’t have and add just garam masala (1 tsp and red chilli powder – 3 tsp instead of 1 tsp)    
 3. If it is spicy in the end, squeeze some lemon, it will reduce the heat and enhance the flavors also.  
                Cashew nuts - 12
                Khus khus - ½ tbsp
                Cumin seeds - ½ tbsp
                Onions - 3 sliced thinly
                Ginger garlic paste - 2 tsp
                Garlic - 4 whole
                Mint - Leaves
                Cilantro - Leaves
                Saffron - ½ tsp dissolved in ½ cup warm milk
                Ghee - 2 tbsp
                Basmati rice - 2 Cups
                Full fat yogurt - ½ cup
                Cumin Seeds - 1 tbsp
                Bay leaf - ½
                Cinnamon - 1 thin piece
                Cloves - 3
                Cardamom - 2
                Chicken - 1 lb
                Red Chilli powder - 1 tsp
                Biryani masala - 1 tbsp


    >Tandoori Chicken
Mix the lemon juice with the paprika and red onions in a large shallow dish. 
Slash each chicken thigh three times, then turn them in the juice and set aside for 10 mins.
 Mix all of the marinade ingredients together and pour over the chicken. Give everything a good mix, then cover and chill for at least 1 hr.
  This can be done up to a day in advance. Heat the grill. 
  Lift the chicken pieces onto a rack over a baking tray. 
Brush over a little oil and grill for 8 mins on each side or until lightly charred and completely cooked through.
          lemons - 2 Juice
          paprika - 4 tsp
          red onions - 2 finely chopped
          chicken thighs - 16 skinnless
          vegetable oil - For brushing
          Greek yogurt - 300ml
          ginger - large piece
          garlic clove - 4
          garam masala - ¾ tsp
          ground cumin - ¾ tsp
          chilli powder - ½ tsp
          turmeric - ¼ tsp


    >Raspberry brownie
Heat oven to 180C/160C fan/gas 4. Line a 20 x 30cm baking tray tin with 
Put the chocolate, butter and sugar in a pan and gently melt, stirring occasionally with a wooden spoon.
 Remove from the heat. Stir the eggs, one by one, into the melted chocolate mixture. 
 Sieve over the flour and cocoa, and stir in. 
 Stir in half the raspberries, scrape into the tray, then scatter over the remaining raspberries.
  Bake on the middle shelf for 30 mins or, if you prefer a firmer texture, for 5 mins more.
   Cool before slicing into squares.
 Store in an airtight container for up to 3 days.  
        Dark Chocolate - 200g
        Milk Chocolate - 100g
        Salted Butter - 250g
        Light Brown Soft Sugar - 400g
        Eggs - 4 large
        Plain Flour - 140g
        Cocoa - 50g
        Raspberries - 200g  

     >Lamb soup
Add the lamb to a casserole and cook over high heat. When browned, remove from the heat and set aside.
 Keep a tablespoon of fat in the casserole and discard the rest.
  Reduce to medium heat then add the garlic, onion and spinach and cook until the onion is translucent and the spinach wilted or about 5 minutes.
   Return the lamb to the casserole with the onion-spinach mixture, add the tomato puree, cumin, harissa, chicken, chickpeas, lemon juice, salt and pepper in the pan.
 Simmer over low heat for about 20 minutes.
  Add the pasta and cook for 15 minutes or until pasta is cooked. 
         Lamb Mince - 500g
         Garlic - 2 cloves minced
         Onion - 1
         Spinach - 300g
         Tomato Puree - 3 tbs
         Cumin - 1 tbs
         Chicken Stock - 1 Litre
         Harissa Spice - 3 tsp
         Chickpeas - 400g
         Lemon Juice - 1/2
         Macaroni - 150g
         Salt - Pinch
         Pepper - Pinch    

    >peanut butter cheese cake
 Oil and line a 20cm round loose- bottomed cake tin with cling film, making it as smooth as possible. 
 Melt the butter in a pan. Crush the biscuits by bashing them in a bag with a rolling pin, then stir them into the butter until very well coated. 
 Press the mixture firmly into the base of the tin and chill.
  Soak the gelatine in water while you make the filling. Tip the ricotta into a bowl, then beat in the peanut butter and syrup. 
  Ricotta has a slightly grainy texture so blitz until smooth with a stick blender for a smoother texture if you prefer.
   Take the soaked gelatine from the water and squeeze dry. Put it into a pan with the milk and heat very gently until the gelatine dissolves.
   Beat into the peanut mixture, then tip onto the biscuit base. Chill until set.
    To freeze, leave in the tin and as soon as it is solid, cover the surface with cling film, then wrap the tin with cling film and foil.
  To defrost, thaw in the fridge overnight. To serve, carefully remove from the tin. Whisk the cream with the sugar until it holds its shape, then spread on top of the cheesecake and scatter with the peanut brittle. 
           Butter - 50g
           Peanut Cookies - 175g
           Gelatine Leafs - 5
           Ricotta - 500g
           Peanut Butter - 175g
           Golden Syrup - 175g
           Milk - 150ml
           Double Cream - 275ml
           Light Brown Soft Sugar - 2 tblsp
           Peanut Brittle - Crushed

     > matar paneer 
 Heat the oil in a frying pan over high heat until it’s shimmering hot.
  Add the paneer, then turn the heat down a little.
   Fry until it starts to brown at the edges, then turn it over and brown on each side – the paneer will brown faster than you think, so don’t walk away. 
   Remove the paneer from the pan and drain on kitchen paper. Put the ginger, cumin, turmeric, ground coriander and chilli in the pan, and fry everything for 1 min. 
   Add the tomatoes, mashing them with the back of a spoon and simmer everything for 5 mins until the sauce smells fragrant. Add a splash of water if it’s too thick. Season well.
    Add the peas and simmer for a further 2 mins, then stir in the paneer and sprinkle over the garam masala.
  Divide between two bowls, top with coriander leaves and serve with naan bread, roti or rice.   
          Sunflower Oil - 1 tbls
          Paneer - 225g
          Ginger - 2
          Cumin - 1 tsp
          Turmeric - 1 tsp
          Coriander - 1 tsp
          Green Chilli - 1
          Tomato - 4
          largePeas - 150g
          Garam Masala - 1 tsp
          Coriander - Small bunch
          Naan Bread - to serve 

       >summer pudding
 Bring out the juices: Wash fruit and gently dry on kitchen paper – keep strawberries separate.
  Put sugar and 3 tbsp water into a large pan. Gently heat until sugar dissolves – stir a few times.
   Bring to a boil for 1 min, then tip in the fruit (not strawberries).
    Cook for 3 mins over a low heat, stirring 2-3 times. The fruit will be softened, mostly intact and surrounded by dark red juice.
     Put a sieve over a bowl and tip in the fruit and juice. 
     Line the bowl with cling film and prepare the bread: Line the 1.25-litre basin with cling film as this will help you to turn out the pudding.
      Overlap two pieces of cling film in the middle of the bowl as it’s easier than trying to get one sheet to stick to all of the curves. Let the edges overhang by about 15cm.
       Cut the crusts off the bread. Cut 4 pieces of bread in half, a little on an angle, to give 2 lopsided rectangles per piece. Cut 2 slices into 4 triangles each and leave the final piece whole. 
       Build the pud: Dip the whole piece of bread into the juice for a few secs just to coat. Push this into the bottom of the basin.
        Now dip the wonky rectangular pieces one at a time and press around the basin’s sides so that they fit together neatly, alternately placing wide and narrow ends up.
         If you can’t quite fit the last piece of bread in it doesn’t matter, just trim into a triangle, dip in juice and slot in. 
        Now spoon in the softened fruit, adding the strawberries here and there as you go.
         Let flavours mingle then serve: Dip the bread triangles in juice and place on top – trim off overhang with scissors.
          Keep leftover juice for later. Bring cling film up and loosely seal. Put a side plate on top and weight down with cans. Chill for 6 hrs or overnight.
           To serve, open out cling film then put a serving plate upside-down on top and flip over. 
 serve with leftover juice, any extra berries and cream. 
          Strawberries - 300g
          Blackberries - 250g
          Redcurrants - 100g
          Raspberries - 500g
          Caster Sugar - 175g
          Bread - 7 Slices 

          >African salad
 Cook potatoes - place potatoes in a pot of cold water, and bring to the boil. 
 Boil 20 minutes, or until potatoes are tender.
  You know they are cooked when you can stick a knife in them and the knife goes straight through. 
  Combine harissa spice, olive oil, salt and pepper and lemon juice in a small bowl and whisk until combined.
   Once potatoes are cooked, drain water and roughly chop potatoes in half.
    Add harissa mix and spring onions/green onions to potatoes and stir. 
    In a large salad bowl, lay out arugula/rocket.
  Top with potato mix and toss. Add fetta, mint and sprinkle over pine nuts.
   Adjust salt and pepper to taste.  
        Small Potatoes - 650g/1lb 8 oz
        Harissa Spice - 1 tsp
        olive oil - 2 tsp
        Lemon - juice of half
        Spring onions - 4
        Rocket - 150g/6oz
        Feta - 80g/3oz
        Mint - 20 chopped
        Pine nuts - 2 tablespoons
        Salt - Pinch
        Pepper - Pinch                   

             
             >Ice cream
 Purée half the strawberries in a blender. 
 Chop the remaining strawberries, reserving four for decoration.
  Whip the double cream until stiff peaks form, then fold in the strawberry purée and crushed meringue.
   Fold in the chopped strawberries and ginger cordial, if using.
    Spoon equal amounts of the mixture into four cold wine glasses.
     Serve garnished with the remaining strawberries and a sprig of mint.
        strawberries - 500g
        double cream - 400ml
        meringue nests - 3 x 7.5cm
        ginger cordial - 1 tbsp
        Mint - sprigs of fresh        

        >beef thai
 Heat oven to 200C/180C fan/gas 6, then roast the peanuts on a baking tray for 5 mins until golden brown.
  When cool enough to handle, roughly chop.
   Reduce oven to 180C/160C fan/gas 4. Heat 2 tbsp coconut cream in a large casserole dish with a lid. 
 Add the curry paste and fry for 1 min, then stir in the beef and fry until well coated and sealed.
  Stir in the rest of the coconut with half a can of water, the potatoes, onion, lime leaves, cinnamon, tamarind, sugar, fish sauce and most of the peanuts.
   Bring to a simmer, then cover and cook for 2 hrs in the oven until the beef is tender.
    Sprinkle with sliced chilli and the remaining peanuts, then serve straight from the dish with jasmine rice.
     Peanuts - 85g
     Coconut cream - 400ml can
     Massaman curry paste - 4 tbsp
    Beef - 600g stewing cut into strips
    Potatoes - 450g waxy
    Onion - 1 cut thin wedges
    Lime - 4 leaves
    Cinnamon stick - 1Tamarind paste - 1 tbsp
    Brown sugar - 1 tbsp palm or soft light
    Fish Sauce - 1 tbsp
    chilli - 1 red deseeded and finely sliced, to serve
   Jasmine Rice - to serve           

   >
 Combine the marinade ingredients in a large ziplock bag (or bowl). 
 Add the chicken and use your hands to make sure each piece is coated.
  If using a ziplock bag, I find it convenient to close the bag then massage the bag to disperse the rub all over each chicken piece.
   Marinate overnight or up to 24 hours. Combine the Yoghurt Sauce ingredients in a bowl and mix. 
   Cover and put in the fridge until required (it will last for 3 days in the fridge). 
   Heat grill/BBQ (or large heavy based pan on stove) on medium high.
    You should not need to oil it because the marinade has oil in it and also thigh fillets have fat.
     But if you are worried then oil your hotplate/grill. 
     (See notes for baking) Place chicken on the grill and cook the first side for 4 to 5 minutes until nicely charred, then turn and cook the other side for 3 to 4 minutes (the 2nd side takes less time).
      Remove chicken from the grill and cover loosely with foil. Set aside to rest for 5 minutes.
      TO SERVE Slice chicken and pile onto platter alongside flatbreads, Salad and the Yoghurt Sauce.
     To make a wrap, get a piece of flatbread and smear with Yoghurt Sauce. Top with a bit of lettuce and tomato and Chicken Shawarma. Roll up and enjoy!
       Chicken Thighs - 1 kg
       Coriander - 1 tbs
       Cumin - 1 tbs
       Cardamom - 1 tbs
       Cayenne Pepper - 1 tsp
       Paprika - 2 tsp
       Lemon Juice - 2 tbs
       Olive Oil - 3 tbs
       Greek Yogurt - 1 cup
       Garlic Clove - 1
       Cumin - 1 tsp
       Lemon Juice - Splash
       Lettuce - Sliced
       Tomato - Sliced
       Pita Bread - 6  